We thank the reviewers for their helpful comments. The majority of the comments
will be simple to address in the paper. We respond to a few points here.

> Energy savings in current hardware (reviews A and C)

Two reviewers mentioned the potential advantage of measuring energy savings on
current hardware. We agree that exploiting approximation strategies on commodity
hardware and measuring the result would be useful research, but we also feel
that the focus of this paper is on a portable, general, and high-level approach.
It demonstrates that a wide range of hardware techniques for approximate
execution, which are individually evaluated elsewhere, can exploit our language
extensions.

> Relevance of formalism (review B)

One reviewer suggested that the FEnerJ formalism may be tangential to the
paper's focus. We believe that the formalization provides a few important
details about the language. Most prominently, it allows us to formally state and
prove a noninterference property that lends credence to the language's claim to
"safety." Furthermore, reviewer B had some questions about the "top" and "lost"
qualifiers; we will certainly clarify the exposition here. Note that similar
concepts are present in some ownership type systems, so we are confident that we
can convey what is needed.

> Lack of guarantees in approximate data (review B)

The expectation of "best effort" accuracy, as opposed to specific guarantees, is
important to the generality of our approach: it allows a single language
extension to apply to a variety of approximation strategies. EnerJ addresses the
first-order problem of distinguishing the part of the program that can be safely
approximated. The question of the degree of approximation (how much error is
allowable) is a subsequent concern that depends on the partitioning that EnerJ
provides.

> Algorithmic approximation in evaluation (review A)

Reviewer A asked whether the results include the effect of algorithmic
approximation. One program (jMonkeyEngine) as annotated does, in fact, include
some limited algorithmic approximation for vector distance calculations. The
paper's final version will clarify this.

> Energy savings for mobile model (review A)

The difference between the energy budget models for server (45% memory energy,
reported in the paper) and mobile (25% memory) settings is small: the mean
energy reduction is 23% under the server model and 22% for the mobile model.
